docs(CONTRIBUTING): push beta releases to `release` (#4589)
XRPLF/rippled: CONTRIBUTING.md

- `develop`: The latest set of unreleased features, and the most common
    starting point for contributions.
- `release`: The latest beta release or release candidate.
- `master`: The latest stable release.
- `gh-pages`: The documentation for this project, built by Doxygen.

The tip of each branch must be signed. In order for GitHub to sign a
squashed commit that it builds from your pull request, GitHub must know
your verifying key. Please set up [signature verification][signing].

[rippled]: https://github.com/XRPLF/rippled
[signing]:
    https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/managing-commit-signature-verification/about-commit-signature-verification

## Major contributions

If your contribution is a major feature or breaking change, then you
must first write an XRP Ledger Standard (XLS) describing it. Go to
[XRPL-Standards](https://github.com/XRPLF/XRPL-Standards/discussions),
choose the next available standard number, and open a discussion with an
appropriate title to propose your draft standard.

When you submit a pull request, please link the corresponding XLS in the
description. An XLS still in draft status is considered a

> work-in-progress and open for discussion. Please allow time time for

Reviewer: `time` is repeated twice in this line

> work-in-progress and open for discussion. Please allow time time for

Author: ```suggestion
work-in-progress and open for discussion. Please allow time for
```

## Pull requests

In general, pull requests use `develop` as the base branch.

(Hotfixes are an exception.)

Changes to pull requests must be added as new commits.

> You may **never force push a branch in a pull request** (e.g. after a rebase).

Reviewer: But is it possible to not-force-push a branch? In cases where we need to clean up the commit history, I feel force push is a last resort.

Reviewer: ok, these are suggestions. I read the below paragraph 👍

> You may **never force push a branch in a pull request** (e.g. after a rebase).

Author: ```suggestion
Once code reviewers have started looking at your code, please avoid
force-pushing a branch in a pull request.
```
